It was Chen Bufan who took you to the hospital that day
I just picked it up
I can feel that my parents are still with my father
I have a broken heart with him
Maybe he can heal me
It's you
It's weird that my mother borrowed money to you
Ah
Ah, I killed someone
Killed someone
Don't go
Save him
I'll give you 100 million
God of Wealth, you listen first
I'll save your girl first
One billion, one billion
One hundred million, one hundred million
Get on the bus from Changyan
Go to Deer God Valley
It's time for the young master to inherit the throne of the master
Hey
Damn, where's my God of Wealth
I remember
Chen Bufan is because he saved me so
That's why I'm disabled
He was the one who saved me that night
Chen Bufan, it turns out that you saved me twice
Is it a little wronged?
I just want you to know
You are right to like Chen Bufan
You are destined
But I want you to be Yang Guo and Xiaolongnu
And I want to take the first time of Xiaolongnu
I want to be Yin Zhiping